# ZOMATO-RESTAURANT-CLUSTERING-AND-SENTIMENT-ANALYSIS
•	Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA): In this part we have done some EDA on the features to see the trend.
•	Natural Language Processing is one part of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to make an understanding of the interactions between computers and human (natural) languages. Sentiment analysis is one part of Natural Language Processing, that often used to analyze words based on the patterns of people in writing to find positive, negative, or neutral sentiments. Sentiment analysis is useful for knowing how users like something or not. Zomato is an application for rating restaurants. The rating has a review of the restaurant which can be used for sentiment analysis. Based on this, we want to discuss the sentiment of the review to be predicted. The method used for preprocessing the review is to make all words lowercase, tokenization, remove numbers and punctuation, stop words, and lemmatization. Then after that, we create word to vector with the term frequency-inverse document frequency (TF-IDF). The data that we process are contains some reviews. After that make positive with reviews that have a rating of 3 and above, negative with reviews that have a rating of 3 and below, and neutral who have a rating of 3. After performing Sentiment Analysis, we got some conclusion as follows-
•	Almost 79 percent of the observations has positive sentiment and 14 and 7 percent of the observations has Neutral and Negative sentiments respectively.
•	Good is the most common word in the highly positive sentiment.
•	Worst is the most common word in the highly negative sentiment. 
•	Udipi's Upahar is Affordable Restaurant with best ratings.
•	Club Rogue is Expensive Restaurant with worst ratings.
